first utility Super League round 24
Bradford Bulls against Hull FC the balls
who's for Mussina nocturne since their
relegation was confirmed hosting lee
radford side still chasing a play-off
place it was the black and whites in
blue who scored first Hadley's offload
sure with the tribe
the visitors would double their
advantage within the first 20 minutes
how tins pass Gareth Ellis with the
school the momentum would then shift
Luke gales kick not dealt with a rumble
able to play in his winger Jamie Foster
Bradford on the board
the ball second came from one of their
own loan players from home nice footwork
by gaskill Joe Rundle in support and
enough pace to see off Tom Lineham
halftime score Bradford Bulls 10 LFC 12
the Bulls came out the better side in
the second half the game it was gaskill
great offload playing the ball to siglo
with a step and a dummy showing some
silky skills for a prop forward with
their noses in front the Bulls drew in
confidence this time O'Brien in at
dummy-half gas kills pass a rundal
second try of the afternoon gas wall
broke through the line once again and
this time set up the second hull FC
player who's on loan at the Bradford
side Jay picks getting four points when
the game at all but gone whole started
to get back into it Jordan ranking set
in his skipper Gareth Ellis away any
lingering doubts on the result though
dissipated a rundal very close to
scoring a hat-trick
kept out by the whole FC defense who
couldn't keep out Danny addy again Galen
Gaskell combining well to set at the
school consolation time then for Hall
Houghton to Westerman in second-half
substitute set amatis are got on the
scoresheet the final try of the
afternoon went to halt as well nice
combination there from Westerman and saw
Lynam able to run the ball in full time
score at the Providence Stadium Bradford
Bulls 34 / lefse 28